README.md, before:

Overview
========

This workshop provides developers with hands on experience building
cloud native applications with micro service architectures using Spring
Boot and Spring Cloud. Included are presentations, demos and hands on
labs.

## Building the Lab

1. Any changes go under [site/](site/)
1. `./gradlew build -xcheckLinks` to compile the artifacts.
1. `./gradlew run` to view your changes.
1. `COURSE_USERNAME=foo COURSE_PASSWORD=bar ./gradlew generateDeployFiles` will generate the CF manifest with those credentials.
1. Fix the route and naming information in [manifest.yml](build/site/manifest.yml)

Lab Setup
=========

> :warning: content below needs updating :warning:

To build the applications in this workshop, you’ll need a couple of
things:

-   [Git](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/#setting-up-git)

-   [Java JDK
    8](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html)

-   Your favorite IDE or editor (e.g., [Eclipse](http://www.eclipse.org)
    or [Spring Tool Suite](https://spring.io/tools), [IntelliJ
    IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea),
    [NetBeans](https://netbeans.org), Visual Studio, etc)

We’ll be pushing applications and creating services in Pivotal Cloud
Foundry (PCF). This workshop uses Pivotal Web Services, an instance of
PCF hosted by Pivotal.

-   Login or signup for a free [Pivotal Web
    Services](http://run.pivotal.io) account

-   Click the *Tools* link and…

    -   download and install the CLI matching your operating system

    -   login to the CF CLI (`cf login -a api.run.pivotal.io`)


IDE Setup and tips
==================

> **Tip**
>
> This section shares some optional tips for configuring your IDE for an
> optimal experience during the workshop!

Eclipse / Spring Tool Suite
---------------------------

Exclude `java.awt.*` from auto-complete suggestions  
`Preferences -> Java -> Appearance -> Type Filters -> Add... -> java.awt.*`

This way when you need to auto import something with `List` you don’t
get the dialog box that asks if you want `java.awt.List` when you really
want `java.util.List`

Configure Maven Auto Update  
`Preferences -> Maven -> {checkedbox} Automatically update Maven projects configuration`

Allows you to change a `pom.xml` and have the eclipse classpath
automatically change without having to trigger the change manually.

Open pom.xml in XML view  
`Preferences -> Maven -> User Interface -> {checkedbox} Open XML Page in the POM editor by default`

This will get you straight to the XML when you first open your `pom.xml`

Show line numbers  
`Preferences -> General -> Editors -> Text Editors -> Show Line Numbers`

Very useful when collaborating and you need to explicitly state which
line number you are referring to.

Automatically refresh resources changed outside of Eclipse  
`Preferences -> General -> Workspace -> Refresh using native hooks or profiling`

This enables Eclipse to recognize changes to files that have been
modified outside of Eclipse. Pretty handy.

Close all views you don’t need  
Give yourself more space to view/write code by closing any views in the
perspective that you don’t use, such as: Outline, Spring Explorer, and
Servers

Boot Dashboard  
Use it, it’s awesome :)

Commit message:

cf push command added to instructions

README.md, after:

Overview
========

This workshop provides developers with hands on experience building
cloud native applications with micro service architectures using Spring
Boot and Spring Cloud. Included are presentations, demos and hands on
labs.

## Building the Lab

1. Any changes go under [site/](site/)
1. `./gradlew build -xcheckLinks` to compile the artifacts.
1. `cf push pcf-tampa-azure -p build/site/ -b staticfile_buildpack` to push to PCF
1. `./gradlew run` to view your changes. (optional step)
1. `COURSE_USERNAME=foo COURSE_PASSWORD=bar ./gradlew generateDeployFiles` will generate the CF manifest with those credentials. (optional step)

Lab Setup
=========

> :warning: content below needs updating :warning:

To build the applications in this workshop, you’ll need a couple of
things:

-   [Git](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/#setting-up-git)

-   [Java JDK
    8](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html)

-   Your favorite IDE or editor (e.g., [Eclipse](http://www.eclipse.org)
    or [Spring Tool Suite](https://spring.io/tools), [IntelliJ
    IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea),
    [NetBeans](https://netbeans.org), Visual Studio, etc)

We’ll be pushing applications and creating services in Pivotal Cloud
Foundry (PCF). This workshop uses Pivotal Web Services, an instance of
PCF hosted by Pivotal.

-   Login or signup for a free [Pivotal Web
    Services](http://run.pivotal.io) account

-   Click the *Tools* link and…

    -   download and install the CLI matching your operating system

    -   login to the CF CLI (`cf login -a api.run.pivotal.io`)


IDE Setup and tips
==================

> **Tip**
>
> This section shares some optional tips for configuring your IDE for an
> optimal experience during the workshop!

Eclipse / Spring Tool Suite
---------------------------

Exclude `java.awt.*` from auto-complete suggestions  
`Preferences -> Java -> Appearance -> Type Filters -> Add... -> java.awt.*`

This way when you need to auto import something with `List` you don’t
get the dialog box that asks if you want `java.awt.List` when you really
want `java.util.List`

Configure Maven Auto Update  
`Preferences -> Maven -> {checkedbox} Automatically update Maven projects configuration`

Allows you to change a `pom.xml` and have the eclipse classpath
automatically change without having to trigger the change manually.

Open pom.xml in XML view  
`Preferences -> Maven -> User Interface -> {checkedbox} Open XML Page in the POM editor by default`

This will get you straight to the XML when you first open your `pom.xml`

Show line numbers  
`Preferences -> General -> Editors -> Text Editors -> Show Line Numbers`

Very useful when collaborating and you need to explicitly state which
line number you are referring to.

Automatically refresh resources changed outside of Eclipse  
`Preferences -> General -> Workspace -> Refresh using native hooks or profiling`

This enables Eclipse to recognize changes to files that have been
modified outside of Eclipse. Pretty handy.

Close all views you don’t need  
Give yourself more space to view/write code by closing any views in the
perspective that you don’t use, such as: Outline, Spring Explorer, and
Servers

Boot Dashboard  
Use it, it’s awesome :)
